Tom is stirring his coffee.
Mary was ashamed and apologised for her mistakes.
My favorite German band is Juli.
Tom can't speak French. Tom can't speak Spanish either.
She acknowledged her mistake.
The police arrested the suspect yesterday.
She loves to cook.
I'm waiting for her to climb into her car.
The Chinese leadership has called on German business to interfere with the German government's China policy.
She's maxed out all her credit cards.
The boy fanned himself with his hat.
Tom lowered his gaze.
Tom's eyes are red, and he looks very tired.
He played the piano and she sang.
The doctor told Tom that he should eat a lot of vegetables.
She tried to squeeze the juice from the orange.
Tom sold his house.
When I was a boy, I was addicted to reading detective stories.
Tom is liked by everyone.
I wanted to run away with Tom.
I want to pay with a check.
Do you prefer Belgian or German beer?
Maybe he is Italian or Spanish.
I wonder if this milk is still good.
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow.
Tom drove his car off a cliff.
Tom suffered from a collapsed lung.
What's your favorite cartoon?
Tom visited us yesterday.
Tom raises Arabian horses.
He's shorter than his father.
He substituted for his father.
He asked her if she was Jane.
Who's your favorite painter?
He dropped the cup and broke it.
Tom laid his racket on the ground.
I hope she's all right.
Some 2,000 people are currently employed at the Suzano industrial park.
Tom has bought a house which has six rooms.
He listened to music in his room.
Tom whispered something to Mary and she smiled.
He dreams that everybody in China speaks Esperanto.
Tom put his pistol under his pillow.
This book is so difficult that I can't read it.
I need to buy one.
Tom is sitting on his bunk.
A soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
There are flying birds in the sky.
She is not a nurse, but a doctor.
We barred the door and locked it.
Tom offered to lend me the money.
She handed him the money that she owed him.
I think Tom is normal.
I don't know how they did it.
I hope Tom agrees.
Tom will be absent today because he has a cold.
I always get up at 6 o'clock in the morning.
Tom is the one we want.
That story is a famous one that everyone knows.
The South African-based Conservation Corporation threatens the local population.
The girl was afraid of her own shadow.
I'll see you tomorrow at school.
He is rich, but he is unkind.
Mayuko designed her own clothes.
Tom looked like he was healthy.
I'm fed up with this winter, I want spring right now!
He left for London yesterday.
I think that she is honest.
We stood at the door and waited.
He had his wallet stolen.
I have to turn in my report today.
If the text doesn't make sense, it isn't coherent.
Finishing the job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Whoever is born in Austria, is an Austrian.
My mother told me to mow the lawn.
Tom failed because he didn't study.
Mary wants to paint her car bright blue.
No one expected him to win.
The Giants beat the Lions yesterday.
What's your favorite commercial?
I thought Tom had stopped dating Mary.
The poll was taken yesterday.
He loves her. She loves him, too.
What a lot of books! Do they belong to the university library?
She wrote down something in her notebook.
Tom says he's busy.
Tom grabbed his keys and put them into his pocket.
Tom played with his dog.
This is the woman whose cars were stolen.
Tom's cellphone rang and he answered it.
Romeo instantly fell in love with Juliet.
He is working in the field of biology.
There's a famous book in English whose entire last chapter is a single sentence.
According to the radio, it will rain tomorrow.
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping on a rock
She cared for her sick mother.
Tennis is my preferred sport.
You said that Tom wasn't hungry.
Tom picked the diamond up and looked at it.
I leave tomorrow.
Yesterday I was ill.
She's as pretty as her sister.
He devoted his life to his company.
Tom is as tall as his father.
The boy-scouts jeered and scuttled into the building.
Tom carefully wiped his fingerprints off the knife.
Yesterday I went to the opera.
She ate her dinner.
I think Tom is outgoing.
Tom is playing poker with his friends.
Sachiko is more popular than Judy.
"Whose examples are these?" "They are Meryem's."
Corsairfly is an airline based in Paris.
Tom started to walk away, but Mary stopped him.
I know that John is honest.
Tom puts stevia in his coffee instead of sugar.
A man is filling a container made of plastic
The president was a farmer when he was young.
Tom likes his coffee black.
He built a fence around his house.
She's cleaning out her closet.
My watch may be one or two minutes fast.
He called his mother up from the airport.
I'm glad you asked that.
I wanted to surprise her.
He made Miss Green his secretary.
He came from Tokyo yesterday.
When I heard it, I was dumbfounded.
Tom folded the letter and put it into the envelope.
What's your favorite kind of book?
Tom grabbed his bag.
Tom rolled up his sleeves.
The ship left every Monday.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are watching
He bowed to his teacher.
Mary pulled out her knitting needles.
I am convinced that I am right.
She stirred the milk into her coffee.
Tom managed to sell his car for a lot of money.
You want to hear something funny?
Tom never spoke of him.
Playing go is my favorite pastime.
She is too tired to study.
Do you know where my watch is?
Tom opened the freezer and got out the ice cream.
Tom puts honey in his tea instead of sugar.
I want to marry Martyna.
She fell off her horse.
I can't afford to buy a laptop for my son.
"I was a boy," he said impatiently.
He put all his money in the box.
He drove his car to Yokohama.
The hamster has stuffed cheeks.
What's your favorite kind of chocolate?
Tehran is my favourite town.
I fell in love with Emily.
I'm the one who killed her.
The couple was quarrelling and Chris knocked Beth down.
Tom pocketed the money Mary gave him.
Tom took off his gas mask.
If you invite him, he may come.
The Berlin public prosecutor's office has accused the suspected terrorist Weinrich for five further murders.
It was the first gold medal that she had won.
How old was Elvis when he died?
Tom is patting his dog.
Mifune has named his dog Maggy May.
What an interesting novel this is!
Tom is walking his dog.
More than 1,500 people died when the Titanic sank in 1912.
I don't know where Tom's office is.
As soon as he sat down, he picked up the telephone.
"Whose shoes are these?" "They are my brother's."
Melanie said that she likes swimming.
She lives near the beach, but she can't swim.
Camels have either one or two humps.
She dyed her white skirt red.
He was accompanied by his wife.
Tom sat at his desk.
He reeled in a huge fish yesterday.
Mrs. Baker had her purse stolen.
I do not want to clean up dog poop.
Both Cristina and Luis always dreamt of studying medicine.
I've always hated Tom.
I'm grateful for what she did.
Tom didn't realize he had his sweater on inside out.
"Whose documents are these?" "They are Michael's."
Tom is playing with his toy truck.
What's your favorite Beatles song?
Tom walked to the front door and knocked.
I heard that footprints of an abominable snowman have been discovered in the Himalayas.
He played his trump card.
George is as tall as his father.
Tom gave his dog a bone.
Julio is swinging in the hammock that I hung under the old oak tree.
I warned him, but he ignored the warning.
I missed the two o'clock plane.
He spent his honeymoon in the Maldives.
The young nurse fell in love with a patient.
I called her, but the line was busy.
I eat fruits because I am hungry.
Tom grabbed the rope that was lowered from the helicopter.
I offered him fifty pence and he accepted.
She showed her album to me.
I want to fly above the clouds.
We're not sure where Tom is.
The bell rang, and the train began to move.
Whoever comes, say I am away from home.
I think Tom is drunk.
When I painted this picture, I was 23 years old.
Ted loves his wife Elizabeth.
I remember meeting him somewhere.
Tom threw a rock at Mary, but it didn't hit her.
Tom dropped his glass.
The girl is skillful with her fingers.
Tom cleared his throat and continued to speak.
What did George Washington call his house?
Tony carved his name on a tree with a knife.
She wiped him out of her memory.
Tom is folding his shirt.
She's by no means lacking in consideration. She's just shy.
He glanced at his watch.
Tom took a picture of his dog and sent it to Mary.
He left the bedroom and entered the living room.
I always eat out.
I know him but he doesn't know me.
The clock stopped. It needs a new battery.
The bathtub overflowed while she was talking on the phone.
I need to shit.
This book has a number of mistakes, but it's interesting.
Filiberto is a man who is more than forty years old.
When I entered the room, she was playing the piano.
Tom punished his children.
Napoleon marched his armies into Russia.
Tom ironed his pants.
It's a riveting story.
This stone is beautiful. Where did you find it?
How old was Howard Caine when he died?
Tom diced the carrots and added them to the stew.
Mary called her stuffed squirrel Tom.
My favorite soccer player is Shinji Ono.
Tom appears outraged.
He must be fined if he breaks the law.
Chopin is my favorite composer.
The man dancing on the stage is my uncle.
She was too proud to ask him for help.
Her fiancé gave her a very big ring.
Tom took off his bullet-proof vest.
I don't want to argue with you.
Despite his riches, he's not contented.
I wanted to go to China.
The car banged itself against a tree.
A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
For years, Tom suffered from migraine headaches.
Anybody who wants this book can be given it.
Cat Stevens is not a cat. He's a singer.
I think Tom is nasty.
Wednesday's test will be difficult.
I'm convinced Tom is lying.
Tom compared his answers with Mary's.
That boy speaking English is taller than me.
She asked him to open the window.
I went to the park yesterday.
I guess that she is 40.
I aim at ducks, but I don't shoot them.
She left her son a lot of money.
I ran away from home when I was thirteen.
I want to complain about the service.
Tom drove Mary home in his sports car.
He is as tall as his father.
He went instead of his dad.
They say that he is seriously ill.
A flying saucer came and took my cows away.
I quit smoking two years ago.
There are always a lot of vehicles on this road.
That band comes to our town tomorrow.
He zipped up his jacket.
I convinced him that he was wrong.
My brother wants to kill me.
The boy is playing with his toy soldiers.
A person is drinking orange juice and walking
Mary adores her baby's cute, round face.
The Egyptian government on Tuesday dismissed speculation that a group of missing Pakistanis had helped in the bombings.
It makes me kind of happy.
I want to kill somebody.
I know dirty jokes, but I don't tell them.
Mary senses the aliens are watching her.
Tom doesn't like speaking in public.
Tom never told me his last name.
I know he's still in love with you.
She was worn out, and leaned against the apple tree.
He always listens to serious music.
She took off her old shoes and put on the new ones.
He unbuttoned his shirt.
The old lady is still counting her change.
She stopped studying. She left the university without a degree.
Tom said it didn't matter.
I stayed at home because I was sick.
Tom fastened his seat belt.
"Where is my classroom?" "It's on the third floor."
Naoki was poor and lived in a cabin.
I am not ashamed to be seen with them.
Today I have neck pain.
Nepal's government and the non- profit World Wildlife fund are launching a new appeal to save the critically endangered one-horned rhino. Paul Sisco reports.
Tom jotted down something in his notebook.
He stuck his pencil behind his ear.
Tom and Mary stopped and picked up a hitchhiker.
I had breakfast at 7:30.
Tom cleaned out his bank accounts and disappeared.
The one who did it was Éamonn.
How many films did you watch yesterday?
She was robbed of her money on her way home.
She pouted when she was told to wash the dishes.
The children took their ice skates and made for the frozen pond.
Her toy was broken by her little sister.
As soon as Tom heard the phone, he answered it.
This woman is from China. She speaks Chinese.
There's a place called Kuchiwa in Hiroshima.
He had a cold, but he went to work.
I'm convinced that this job is perfect for you.
I'm afraid the line is busy.
The researchers trained monkeys to play a video game.
Tom wants to walk.
What's your favorite hotel in Boston?
I want to go to Bali.
The cyclists are wearing cyclist shorts made of spandex.
His parents hate him.
If he is proficient in English, I'll employ him.
You said his name was Tom, didn't you?
She was feeling kind of tired.
He is a good boy, and he is very strong.
I think you're jealous.
She wrapped her sandwich in plastic wrap.
That galloping inflation has been lasting for three years now. People are frustrated and angry.
My house is on the south bank of the Thames.
Tom told me that he'd lost his watch.
Tom begged Mary to stay.
The little girl, deeply moved by the old man's pitiful story, burst into tears.
I was very tired today.
Tom planted three apple trees in his yard.
This stone was so heavy that I could not lift it.
It's a cliche, but it's true.
He said that he grew up in Tunisia.
Tom was too tired to speak.
The price is low, but the quality isn't very good.
"Whose jewels are these?" "They are Taninna's."
He failed to catch the 8:30 train.
This supports the suspicion that a bank employee was involved in the crime.
I thanked her, and stuck the rose in my button-hole.
Something I hadn't anticipated happened.
All that he says is true.
She is deeply attached to her parents.
She is not as punctual as her little sister.
He sha'n't know who sends it.
This cottage reminds me of the one I was born in.
He was arrested because he stole money.
He married his daughter to a lawyer.
What's your favorite small town in the United States?
The final score was 1:1.
General elections were held in Chile on 30 October 1932. Arturo Alessandri of the Liberal Party was elected president, whilst the Conservative Party and Radical Party emerged as the largest parties in the Chamber of Deputies.
A man is opening a soda and drinking it
Set the clock right. It's ten minutes fast.
