Ask her her name.
Mary enjoyed herself.
It's October the third.
I'm hungry and thirsty.
She fell off her horse.
It's a novel-based film.
Mary dyed her hair blue.
I want to marry Martyna.
It's a novel-based movie.
Mary is filing her nails.
Nobody tried to help Tom.
Do you want to play shogi?
Tom removed his fake beard.
Is this Paris or Marseille?
Is this baby a he or a she?
They found the stolen money.
She dyed her white skirt red.
Does Mike call his dog Pochi?
He drove his car to Yokohama.
He undressed me with his eyes.
I wanted to run away with Tom.
I was born on 18th March 1994.
The other kids aren't talking.
Jean Reno is my favorite actor.
If you invite him, he may come.
Nobody intends to erect a wall.
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow.
Tom always talks about himself.
Everybody wants another chance.
I want to go to America someday.
I want to buy a dozen doughnuts.
What's your favorite commercial?
Damon showed me his stamp album.
Children love playing with Lego.
I'll see you tomorrow at school.
She's leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
In which city is the River Seine?
Mary is studying in her room now.
I trusted him and I believed him.
What's your favorite kind of book?
Everyone who knew him admired him.
Mary was bullied by her classmates.
What's your favorite kind of apple?
He is not ashamed of his misconduct.
Graham Greene is my favorite author.
Emily lent me her Georgian textbook.
I want to complain about the service.
Yukio Mishima killed himself in 1970.
I was born in Osaka on March 5, 1977.
Mary called her stuffed squirrel Tom.
The ship sails for Honolulu tomorrow.
I was born on the 22 of November 1948.
Tom put the thermometer under his arm.
What is Ronald Reagan's favorite candy?
We plan to drink champagne at midnight.
Vincent van Gogh killed himself in 1890.
Pinocchio says: "Now my nose will grow."
A soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
I offered him fifty pence and he accepted.
I was rereading the letters you sent to me.
Tom never quarrels with his wife in public.
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.
Lincoln welcomed his old political opponent.
I am from Hiroshima, but now I live in Tokyo.
A person is drinking orange juice and walking
Tom bought some squirrelfish for his aquarium.
I prefer to go by subway, rather than by train.
I was born on the twenty-second of June in 1974.
Kofi Annan was elected in the January 30 ballot.
She is from Hokkaido, but is now living in Tokyo.
Subway fares will be raised as of April 1st, 1999.
I thanked her, and stuck the rose in my button-hole.
All of a sudden, I saw a hare running across the field.
My aunt, who lives in Tokyo, sent me a beautiful blouse.
Tom crawled into bed and pulled the covers over himself.
His humble background parallels that of his predecessor.
New elections in Côte d'Ivoire will take place on July 14.
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping on a rock
Yesterday I met two Americans who're bicycling through Japan.
We believed that the object was a UFO (Unidentified Flying Object).
Besides being a great statesman, Sir Winston Churchill was a great writer.
Tom wasn't wearing a wedding ring, but Mary noticed a white circle on his ring finger.
In 1961, these machines were replaced by new machines developed with the company's know-how.
General elections were held in Chile on 30 October 1932. Arturo Alessandri of the Liberal Party was elected president, whilst the Conservative Party and Radical Party emerged as the largest parties in the Chamber of Deputies.
He married him.
I wanna see them!
I want to go to Bali.
I want to go to Japan.
What do you wanna eat?
Everybody wants to go.
Chris swung his sword!
I want to kill somebody.
I want to marry Heather.
Osamu Dazai killed himself.
Did you cook this yourself?
Mary unscrewed her lipstick.
Dublin is my favourite town.
What's your favorite cartoon?
Tom unlocked his office door.
I was born on March 22, 1962.
I will arrive on 23rd of May.
Tennis is my preferred sport.
I want to buy a dozen bananas.
"Awesome" is an overused word.
Yuriko Himekusa killed herself.
What's your favorite fast food?
He was born on July 28th, 1888.
I was born on February 14, 1960.
Mary wrapped herself in a towel.
Galileo died on January 8, 1642.
I was born on January 2 in 1968.
I'm suffering from anal itching.
Tom visited Mary on October 20th.
I was born on October 10th, 1972.
What's your favorite Beatles song?
What an interesting novel this is!
Sachiko is more popular than Judy.
What's your favorite Disney movie?
I know him but he doesn't know me.
What's your favorite kind of sushi?
What's your favorite kind of candy?
Tom took off his bullet-proof vest.
That's my favorite kind of sandwich.
Mayuko designed a dress for herself.
Camels have either one or two humps.
Graham Green is my favourite writer.
Do you have anything less expensive?
Nancy couldn't move the desk herself.
What's your favorite hotel in Boston?
Do you prefer Belgian or German beer?
Mary found an orphaned baby squirrel.
I was born on the 31st of May in 1940.
Sadako Sasaki died on October 25, 1955.
NIKOLAI LENIN(Vladimir Illitch Ulianov)
A man is opening a soda and drinking it
What's your favorite kind of chocolate?
The Macdonough left Hawaii on 10 August.
Romeo instantly fell in love with Juliet.
A flying saucer came and took my cows away.
Do you support Mitt Romney or Barack Obama?
Martin Scorsese is my favorite film director.
Besides loving sports, my son also loves art.
According to the paper, it will snow tomorrow.
Yoko is in London now. She's studying English.
He bought that house because his wife liked it.
What was the first film directed by John Milius?
For years, Tom suffered from migraine headaches.
George Washington was born on 22nd February 1732.
Rugby is a sport which is never called off by rain.
Mary is sensitive to light, so she wears sunglasses.
What's your favorite small town in the United States?
I'm very sensitive to cold. May I have another blanket?
If I watch a thousand movies in English, will I become fluent in it?
The peacock (Inachis io) is a beautiful and easily recognizable butterfly.
Frank Lampard passed the ball to Beckham. Beckham kicked the ball and scored!
Which female tennis player was stabbed in the back with a knife on April 30, 1993?
Ivan IV (Ivan the Terrible) forced many Tatars to convert from Islam to Christianity.
Parliamentary elections were held in Greece on 22 September 1996. The ruling Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) of Costas Simitis was re-elected, defeating the liberal-conservative New Democracy party of Miltiadis Evert.
